self-assessment.md, before:

## Development Experience
- SQL Server, SQL Server Management Studio
  - I like working with data. It is the place where what you are building will store the information you need. 
  - To get something structured correctly, and then be able to store and retrieve it, is a fun and rewarding experiance for me.
- Entity Framework and NHibernate
  - With these ORMs, it does make things easier to hydrate a model to use in an application.
  - When combined with .NET, I enjoy the fact we can use Linq to itterate through our data much easier.
- .NET C#
  - I have been working with C# for well over 10 years in my career. 
  - Because I have used it for so long, I enjoy the ease of creating the logic that makes a program run.
- REST APIs
  - What I love about APIs is that they can be called from anywhere, any platform, and any device.
  - If security is set up correctly on the server side, APIs are a great way to talk to many clients to send, receive, and store data.
- UI Development
  - I started out in classic ASP and have progressed throughout the years as the technology moved forward.
  - I have worked with ASP.NET, HTML5, MVC, MVVM, Ajax, JQuerey, JSon, and Razor just to name a few technologies.
  - I love being able to put together a page and make it work from load to save.
## Git Commands

## Continuing Education

Commit message:

Git Command self eval check in with spelling corrections from Dev Experiance section.

self-assessment.md, after:

## Development Experience
- SQL Server, SQL Server Management Studio
  - I like working with data. It is the place where what you are building will store the information you need. 
  - To get something structured correctly, and then be able to store and retrieve it, is a fun and rewarding experiance for me.
- Entity Framework and NHibernate
  - With these ORMs, it does make things easier to hydrate a model to use in an application.
  - When combined with .NET, I enjoy the fact we can use Linq to itterate through our data much easier.
- .NET C#
  - I have been working with C# for well over 10 years in my career. 
  - Because I have used it for so long, I enjoy the ease of creating the logic that makes a program run.
- REST APIs
  - What I love about APIs is that they can be called from anywhere, any platform, and any device.
  - If security is set up correctly on the server side, APIs are a great way to talk to many clients to send, receive, and store data.
- UI Development
  - I started out in classic ASP and have progressed throughout the years as the technology moved forward.
  - I have worked with ASP.NET, HTML5, MVC, MVVM, Ajax, JQuerey, JSon, and Razor just to name a few technologies.
  - I love being able to put together a page and make it work from load to save.
## Git Commands
- git status
  - I like this command because it allows me to see what files I have staged and which files need to bee added for a commit.
- git commit -a -m "<comment>"
  - I like this command because it allows me to add tracked files, add a comment, and then commit all in one line.
- git push --set-upstream (or --unset-upstream) origin <branch>
  - This command allows you to set or unset your remote branch as well as create the remote branch if it doesn't already exist with the --set-upstream.
## Continuing Education
